Commerce Reimagined - The Agentic Edge | Mastercard Services
AI is rapidly transforming the commerce landscape, changing the way digital clients and merchants interact. With the advancements of AI chat functionality and other intelligent features, Agentic AI can now take actions on a user’s behalf. In the commerce space, this evolution is known as Agentic Commerce, or AI Agents shopping and completing transactions on behalf of customers online. Mastercard’s Commerce Reimagined – The Agentic Edge Program has solutions to empower our clients with the necessary tools to prepare for intelligent, personalized, and autonomous commerce experiences driven by AI and fueled by data.
Scope
Mastercard, either directly or through its Affiliates, will provide the Services described in this Program Overview during the Term (as defined below) for the exclusive use of the Client. The Client acknowledges and agrees to cooperate reasonably with Mastercard and its Affiliates and to ensure the availability of designated Client resources as outlined herein to facilitate the delivery of Services. Mastercard and its Affiliates shall not be held liable for any failure to deliver Services resulting from the Client’s non-compliance or delays in fulfilling its obligations.
Services and Deliverables
Mastercard will deliver the following:
a. Virtual Summit
A curated virtual summit led by industry experts offering a comprehensive perspective on the future of Agentic Commerce. The event will be held virtually on November 5th & 6th, 2025 and will be accessible by invitation only. Up to ten Client employees may attend.
Mastercard reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to adjust the agenda and speaker lineup based on availability and evolving market trends.
Details:
Date: November 5th - 6th, 2025
Time: 11:00AM – 2:00PM ET
Format: Zoom Webinar (link to be sent out upon registration)
Day 1: Wednesday, November 5 | 11 a.m. - 2 p.m. ET
Intro & Kickoff
John Mark DiGrazia, Principal Services Business Development at Mastercard
Anoop Vasisht, VP CA&E at Mastercard
Mastercard's vision for trusted autonomy & Agent Pay
Joe Greenwood, VP AI & Data Growth at Mastercard
The future of agentic transactions: Why you should know MCP (model context protocol) & large event models!
Ian Sigalow, Managing Partner at Greycroft Ventures
Your website is dead. Long live Agentic Commerce
Aaron Bawcom, CTO at Invisible Technologies
Agentic Commerce 101
Damla Taskin, VP Product Management at Mastercard
Trust & security in Agentic Commerce
Stephen Keefe, VP Product Management at Mastercard
Craig Gilbert, VP Identity Solutions at Mastercard
Closing
Sessions moderated by
Kyle Widrick, Investor at Maveron Capital
Day 2: Thursday, November 6 | 11 a.m. - 2 p.m. ET
Personalization & decisioning in Agentic Commerce
Omer Felder, SVP Dynamic Yield (Mastercard)
AI & automation: Transforming customer support
David Karandish, CEO at Capacity
Preparing for the Agentic Commerce transformation
Justin De Castri, Head of Customer Engineering at Google
Multi-agent orchestration: Deliver seamless customer journeys
Jake Cohen, VP Industry & Insights at Klaviyo
Key learnings fireside chat
Ben Diamond (Yahalom), CEO at True Classic
Ben Kaufman, President & CCO at Eko
Summit closing
The summit will be available for up to 10 employees of Client. The Zoom webinar link you will receive is unique to you. All parties that want to attend, please register to receive your own unique link.
A recording of the webinar will be made available for those that are unable to attend live, which cannot be shared externally or commercially utilized.
Clients who register for the program will also receive a Personalized Readiness Assessment, which will be delivered by the end of year.
b. Agentic, CX & Personalization Readiness Assessment
A comprehensive 360° evaluation of the Client’s current customer experience, delivered in 2025. This assessment comprises two phases, each designed to analyze Client touchpoints and digital channels, identify strengths and opportunities, and provide actionable insights to enhance Agentic commerce and on-property personalization. This will be in 2 phases:
Phase 1: Agentic Commerce Diagnostic (ACD)
An evaluation of the Client’s current “agentic” profile, focusing on customer experience, profile visibility, and product availability across leading AI browsers and tools. Key deliverables include:
Assessment of product visibility and experience across AI search engines and agentic tools (e.g., ChatGPT, Perplexity)
Sample product catalog enhancement document outlining optimal recognition structures and techniques
Analysis of site markup and content architecture to improve Agentic visibility and customer experience
Phase 2: Personalization Opportunity Assessment (POA)
Post-event, Mastercard will assess the Client’s personalization maturity across several dimensions and deliver a report with strategic recommendations to enhance eCommerce performance.
Business Review:
Evaluation of current personalization strategies and initiatives
Technical/Analytics Review:
Analysis of technologies and website analytics to identify data-driven opportunities
Personalization Experience Review:
Assessment across ~25 dimensions with a Personalization Maturity Score
Prioritized Experience Plan & Roadmap:
Actionable roadmap for campaign execution across key functional areas
Custom Demo:
A tailored demonstration of Dynamic Yield, simulating its implementation on the Client’s website
c. Assessment & Diagnostic Reports:
Agentic Commerce Diagnostic (PDF report and presentation deck)
CX & Personalization Opportunity Assessment (PDF report and presentation deck)
d. Optional Client Contributions
To enhance the customization and value of the assessment, the Client may optionally provide the following:
Business Overview Meeting (30–45 minutes):
A kickoff session with relevant Client stakeholders (e.g., website and digital experience owners) to review current strategies and initiatives
Client Interviews (2–3 hours total):
Covering Marketing Program Review (~60 min), Technology Review (~60 min), and Digital Strategy Review (~60 min)
Product Feed:
Access to or a copy of the Client’s product feed for comparative analysis
Digital Commerce Metrics:
Website analytics or primary eCommerce performance reports to inform tailored campaign recommendations
Term and Termination
The Term shall commence on the date the Program Overview and Terms and Conditions are accepted by the Client (“Effective Date”) and shall continue until December 31st, 2025.
Fees
Mastercard and Client are parties to one or many Customer Business Agreements or other Acceptance Agreements, as amended from time to time (the “CBA” or “AA”, as applicable). To strengthen the relationship between the Parties and further drive utilization of cards and the Mastercard brand described in the CBA or AA (as applicable), Mastercard will contribute USD $225,000 to implement and support Services described in this Schedule. Based upon the scope of Services described herein, the Fees will total $225,000 (the “Fees”).
Please review the Terms and Conditions and then complete the Enrollment Form. Upon submission of the Enrollment Form, you will receive additional details.
Proceed to Accept Terms and Request Access